ref: add status code to SDK http client integrations (#376)
getsentry/develop: src/docs/sdk/features.mdx

- type: `http`
- category: `http`

> - data: `url`, `method` (uppercase HTTP method), `status_code`, optionally `request_body_size` and `response_body_size` (in bytes)

Reviewer: It's getting rather cluttered now:

```suggestion
- data: 
  - `url` - The URL used in the HTTP request
  - `method` - uppercase HTTP method, i.e: GET, HEAD
  - `status_code` - Numeric status code such as `200` or `404`
  - `request_body_size` Size in bytes
  - `response_body_size` Size in bytes
```
